correct error in html_dom_api/microtask_guide doc (#11860)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/html_dom_api/microtask_guide/index.md

- An event fires, adding the event's callback function to the task queue.
- A timeout or interval created with {{domxref("setTimeout()")}} or {{domxref("setInterval()")}} is reached, causing the corresponding callback to be added to the task queue.

> The event loop driving your code handles these tasks one after another, in the order in which they were enqueued. The oldest runnable task in task queue will be executed during a single iteration of event loop. After execution, microtasks will be executed until microtask queue is empty, and then the browser may choose to update rendering. This sums up one iteration of event loop, leading to next iteration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The event loop driving your code handles these tasks one after another, in the order in which they were enqueued. The oldest runnable task in the task queue will be executed during a single iteration of the event loop. After that, microtasks will be executed until the microtask queue is empty, and then the browser may choose to update rendering. Then the browser moves on to the next iteration of event loop.
```
